How I lost my job at the car dealership

Author: Chelsmad

*000*2025-10-11 05:46

The light finally turns green, and we finally take off. I cannot move my right hand from my crotch. My legs are still crossed. Luckily, I was able to put the car into cruise control and just tap the speed-up button on the steering wheel to get it to pick up speed because there’s hardly any way I could move my lower body or my hand out of my garage. My bladder was a full-on 11 out of 10 full, and I knew I only had a few minutes, maybe even seconds, to last. 

I clicked the Siri button on the steering wheel and asked for a restaurant, fast food, or gas station stop ahead. It said there was one about five minutes away. At this point, I started to tear up because I knew that there was just no way I couldn’t make it. I drove for about another minute or so, and then the first leak came out. I’ve literally never had to pee so badly in my life while I was sober. I felt a tiny wet spot appear in my crotch, maybe about the size of a golf ball, and I knew that it was going to be seconds before I lost control.

About another minute later, another spur came out. This time, it obviously came out. I felt a little bit hit the seat and knew that my leggings were not going to absorb much if this were to happen a couple of seconds later. A second large part of pee came out with me this time, leaving a very small amount of pee in a puddle in the seat. At that moment, I knew that there was no way I was going to make it. I drove for about five more seconds, and then just completely lost control and started flooding my pants in the driver seat of this brand-new Audi that is owned by my dealership I work at. I peed and peed and peed and peed for what felt like two minutes. There was a horrendously large puddle that was forming in this leather seat all in my lap. It started to overflow the front edge of the seat and down to the floor. I felt it hitting the back of my calves, my leggings, my tennis shoes, the seat carpet. Everything was absolutely soaked.

I completely lost control of myself, drenched my leggings in the seat of this brand-new car, started to cry because I had no idea how I was going to be able to explain this or what I was going to do next. About two minutes down the road, I finally saw a Target in the distance as I was starting to approach the city where the next dealership that I was picking the part up from was. I went ahead and pulled into the Target parking lot, put the car in park, looked through the glove box, looked all through it to try to find any sort of napkins or anything I could use to dry any of this up, and of course, since like I said it was a rental car. 

There was nothing. So it was at that moment. It was I had to go into Target, so I walked into Target with completely drenched leggings. Now, thankfully, they were black, so you really couldn’t see the wetness too much, but if you really looked, you definitely couldn’t. I quickly went to the women’s clothing section and bought more leggings and the first panties I could find.

I also grabbed some towels and some cleaning materials and ran out of the car and after about 15 minutes of trying to clean up, was able to get a lot of the pee out and just threw all of the wet paper towels into the grocery bag and then walked up to a garbage can to throw it all away, including my old leggings and underwear because I could not take those back to work with me. I had to just stick with what I was wearing from Target. The rest of the trip to the dealership and then back was completely uneventful until I brought the part in and then immediately got a car from the end of the dealership to come into his office. Apparently, our work cars have a tracker on them, and he was very curious as to why I decided to stop at Target while I was on an errand for work and spend 15+ minutes there “shopping.” Of course, our owner is a creep in his shown sexual advances to multiple other female coworkers, which was one of the reasons why I was honestly looking for something different to do.

But whenever he grilled me on why I stopped at Target, I knew there was no way I could tell him the actual truth, so I had to unfortunately admit to shopping, and at that point, I was let go on the spot.

*008*2025-10-14 02:35

Don’t worry everyone! I was legit wanting out of there anyway! I just wanted to share a pretty wild and totally unplanned story. Very rare for me to have accidents when I’m sober lol

*010*2025-10-14 02:50

{{1 minute ago, Seamus said:

But still sad about the way he treated you.

}}

Thank you!

It seriously worked out so well for me so it’s nothing to me anymore 😊

