Movie theater desperation

Author: Chifikan

*000*2026-02-25 06:13

Hey there! This is my first time posting here after years of lurking. This is an experience from a few days ago while I was at the movies.

For background I'm a 22 year old male, about 5'10" and average build. I was wearing gray boxer briefs, tight gray jeans and a black T-shirt with a black hoodie. I was seeing the movie The Mortuary Assistant (not the best movie but if you liked the game you might like the movie).

I actually had no intention of doing a hold, but life has a funny way of working things. I had been drinking a lot of water so when I got to the theater I went to the bathroom before going to concessions and getting a small diet Pepsi and small popcorn. I got to my seat and the screen was still black. I was on my phone, mindlessly eating popcorn and drinking my drink until the previews started. At this point I was probably like a 3/10. I probably should've gone to the bathroom again but I didn't want to leave my drink unattended and I didn't feel like bringing everything to the bathroom with me so I just didn't. First mistake.

The movie started and about 20 minutes in I was already at a 5/10. I knew I was in trouble. Honestly I had already drank most of the Pepsi which was probably my second mistake. I shouldn't have drank so fast.

As the movie went on I could slowly feel my bladder filling up until it was getting distracting. About 40 minutes into the movie I was already at a 7/10. I was starting to get uncomfortable but I didn't want to miss anything, so I decided not to get up and go to the bathroom. I was looking at my phone checking the time to try and figure out how much of the movie was left. I was getting desperate.

I could feel my bladder pressing up against all of my other organs and my belt. I undid it a little bit hoping to relieve some of the pressure but it didn't really help much. At this point I was staring to grab my dick. I was glad there was nobody else around me in the theater otherwise I wouldn't have been able to do that. About 20 more minutes passed and things were growing urgent. My hand was practically glued to my dick. I couldn't concentrate on the movie at all I had to piss so bad.

I could tell the movie was wrapping up at this point and I put my legs down but I couldn't sit up straight because of the pressure on my bladder. I was at probably a 9/10 at this point. Part of me was wondering if I would even make it to the bathroom if I left.

I stuck it out to the end of the movie and as the lights came up I realized I couldn't get up because I was basically hard at this point both from the amount I was grabbing my dick and the fact having to piss this bad was turning me on. I was absolutely not risking getting caught hard in the movie theater especially coming out of a horror movie so I waited until I was soft before slowly getting up.

As soon as I stood up I basically hit a 9.5/10. I could feel the piss at the tip of my dick just begging to come out. I walked as fast as was reasonable out of the theater and basically auto piloted to the bathroom. I was holding my dick through my pocket again hoping I would make it to the bathroom, but I felt a small leak come out. I knew I only had a few moments before it all came out.

I barged my way into the bathroom and just barely got my dick out before a torrent of piss came out of me. It felt so goddamn good. I definitely pissed for what felt like multiple minutes straight. It was kind of embarrassing because some guy came in, pissed, and left before I was even done.

I had about a quarter sized wet spot in my underwear but it hadn't leaked to be visible on my pants so that was a relief too.

Just thinking about this experience turns me on. I'm getting hard again writing this.

